Totals: 577 Tasks, 327 Goals, 238 Challenges
Overall: 6972 blocks
minecraft:adventure - 289 blocks
	24 Tasks, 9 Goals, 11 Challenges
minecraft:end - 44 blocks
	4 Tasks, 4 Goals, 1 Challenges
minecraft:husbandry - 140 blocks
	20 Tasks, 4 Goals, 5 Challenges
minecraft:nether - 147 blocks
	12 Tasks, 7 Goals, 5 Challenges
minecraft:story - 32 blocks
	12 Tasks, 4 Goals, 0 Challenges
blazeandcave:adventure - 518 blocks
	58 Tasks, 36 Goals, 14 Challenges
blazeandcave:animal - 520 blocks
	65 Tasks, 35 Goals, 14 Challenges
blazeandcave:bacap - 102 blocks
	7 Tasks, 15 Goals, 1 Challenges
blazeandcave:biomes - 259 blocks
	34 Tasks, 17 Goals, 7 Challenges
blazeandcave:building - 349 blocks
	69 Tasks, 32 Goals, 6 Challenges
blazeandcave:challenges - 760 blocks
	0 Tasks, 0 Goals, 38 Challenges
blazeandcave:enchanting - 521 blocks
	6 Tasks, 27 Goals, 19 Challenges
blazeandcave:end - 319 blocks
	14 Tasks, 9 Goals, 13 Challenges
blazeandcave:farming - 204 blocks
	39 Tasks, 13 Goals, 5 Challenges
blazeandcave:mining - 572 blocks
	47 Tasks, 25 Goals, 20 Challenges
blazeandcave:monsters - 586 blocks
	31 Tasks, 23 Goals, 22 Challenges
blazeandcave:nether - 455 blocks
	40 Tasks, 27 Goals, 14 Challenges
blazeandcave:potion - 133 blocks
	18 Tasks, 3 Goals, 5 Challenges
blazeandcave:redstone - 247 blocks
	32 Tasks, 7 Goals, 9 Challenges
blazeandcave:statistics - 495 blocks
	20 Tasks, 19 Goals, 19 Challenges
blazeandcave:weaponry - 280 blocks
	25 Tasks, 11 Goals, 10 Challenges
	
